docs: Added SSD300 to the new doc (#5934)
pytorch/vision: docs/source/models/ssd300.rst

SSD300
==========

.. currentmodule:: torchvision.models.detection

The SSD300 model is based on the `SSD: Single Shot MultiBox Detector 
<https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.02325>`__ paper.

Model builders
--------------

The following model builders can be used to instanciate a SSD300 model, with or
without pre-trained weights. All the model builders internally rely on the

> ``torchvision.models.squeezenet.SqueezeNet`` base class. Please refer to the `source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``torchvision.models.detection.SSD`` base class. Please refer to the `source
```
